### 语文作业
- **复习**
---

### 数学作业
- 完成阶段检测卷（七）
---

### 英语作业
- 订正下册复习学案（一）（三）
::: details 复习学案（一）
#### 二、语法选择
31-35 ACCBC 36-40 ABCCB  
#### 三、完形填空
41-45 DBDBA 46-50 CDBAC  
#### 四、阅读理解
51-55 ABADB 56-60 DACDA 61-65 DFACB  
#### 五、短文填空
66.absent 67.for 68.finishes 69.rows 70.an 71.more 72.because 73.my 74.pool 75.such
#### 六、读写结合
##### A. 回答问题  
76.A foreign teacher. / He is a foreign teacher.  
77.For five years. /For 5 years. /Five years. / He has been in China for 5 years. / Jack has been in China for 5 years.  
78.He has had the chance to travel all over China and see some interesting things.  
79.In Dalian and Qingdao. / He has seen wonderful beaches in Dalian and Qingdao.  
80.Yes, he has.  

##### B. 书面表达
参考范文：  
One possible version:  
Dear Miss Green,  
    A trip to Hainan Island is the best choice for your holiday.  
    Hainan lies in the south of China. The weather there is often changeable, sunny or rainy. Sometimes it's extremely hot there. So sunglasses, a hat, an umbrella, and a swimsuit are the necessary things you should take with you. There are many different kinds of activities there. You can go fishing, swim, dive, and surf every day as you like. If you want to relax quietly, you can stay on the beach. The beach is beautiful with soft sand, and you can enjoy the sunlight.  
    Wish you a good trip!  

Zhang Ming  
:::
::: details 复习学案（三）
#### 三、完形填空
41-45 DBDBC 46-50 BCACA
#### 四、阅读理解
51-55 ACDBD 56-60 ADBCD 61-65 BADGC
#### 五、短文填空
66.invitation 67.must 68.Westerners 69.For 70.common 71.longer 72.use 73.your 74.until 75.immediately
#### 六、读写结合
##### A. 回答问题  
76. It often begins with a sore throat. / A sore throat. / A cold often begins with a sore throat.  
77. Yes, it can.
78. It usually lasts for a week (seven days). / Seven days. / A cold usually lasts for seven days.
79. The juice of lemons. / The juice of lemons makes a sore throat feel better.
80. The chemicals in plants. / Many of our medicines today are made from the chemicals in plants.
##### B. 书面表达
参考范文：
One possible version:
Dear Ben,
    I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your weight. I want to share some good ways to keep healthy with you.  
    First, eat more fresh fruit and vegetables. Say no to fast food, such as hamburgers and chips. Eating too much of them may be harmful to your health.  
    Second, do exercise every day. Find your favourite sport and keep doing it. But remember not to do too much exercise at one time.  
    Third, get enough sleep. As a teenager, you should sleep at least 8 hours every day. Never stay up too late.  
    Finally, try to do things that make you happy such as talking with your friends and enjoying a relaxing movie.  
    I hope these rules will be useful for you.  
Yours,  
Li Hua
:::
---

### 化学作业
- **复习**
---

### 历史作业
1. 大道至简：把两本历史书带回去，认真看一遍
2. 最后攻势：把三张一模卷带回去，认真复习，周日晚上押题加九下默写。你周末不看书肯定完蛋。
---

### 物理作业
- **复习**
---

### 政治作业
- **复习**
